# In-silico-analysis-for-degenerate-primers_Influenza
The zip file contains H5N1 sequences before and after alignment by online Mafft(Version 7) with the default iterative strategy. Sequences are divided by segment, and the sequences are initially downloaded from GenBank (ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank), an open-source database. All fitted sequences are downloaded before the date: 2024/September. To ensure comprehensive coverage, we downloaded all available sequences using the keywords  “H5N1, segment x" with x ranging from 1 to 8. We set the minimum length for each complete viral sequence to exceed 1,800 base pairs to make sure we mostly get cds rather than partial genome. Additionally, we implemented a custom filtering system using Python called" deleted by keywords" in the folder" H5N1_before alignment" to emphsize presnece of "H5N1" AND " segment x" again in the genome title name to ensure that only  H5N1 sequences were included in our analysis. This step was necessary because the GenBank filter occasionally included genomes from H3N2 and other influenza A viruses, which could compromise the accuracy of our in silico analysis of viral genetic diversity. 
Then the output sequences are analyzed by Jalview (2.11.4.0) to create consensus file, telling us the nucelotide identity in different positions.
To further identify the sequences orginated from which species, there is a python code"Extract species name.ipynb", which can help to extract species name of sequences at certain position(based on number of /, work for most of sequences' name) and export the results to excel. Then we manually check whether the species belongs to poultry or others.
